More ELevate docs tweaks (#591)
cpanel/elevate: docs-website-src/content/blockers.md

To successfully run the ELevate script, you must meet the following conditions:  

* You are logged in to the server as the `root` user.
* Your system runs CentOS 7, CloudLinux 7, or Ubuntu 20.
  * Systems that run CentOS 7 or CloudLinux 7 **must** run cPanel & WHM version 110.

>   * Systems that run Ubuntu 20 **must** run cPanel & WHM version 118.

Reviewer: We should trademark these OS names the first time we mention them

* Your system **must** run the most recent minor version of its cPanel version for your operating system.
* cPanel **must** have a valid license.
* If applicable, **CloudLinux** has a valid license.

Additionally, the following **must** be true about the `elevate-cpanel` script:

* The script must run from the `/scripts` directory and use `/usr/local/cpanel/scripts` when called.
* The script must be up to date.

> We **strongly** recommend that you have multiple ways to access your server before you attempt to upgrade. This ensures you're not locked out of the server if your primary access method does not work. Ways to access your server may include the following methods:

Reviewer: What about:
> You could access your server by many methods, including the following:

  * `root` SSH access to the system.
  * Direct physical access to the console.
  * IPMI remote console access.
  * A virtual console through a hypervisor.

>   * A custom system based on one of previous methods, made available by your server provider.

Reviewer: Server provider or hosting provider?

## Identify blockers

> To identify many blockers, [download the `elevate-cpanel`] script and run the following command:

Reviewer: No link

```
 /scripts/elevate-cpanel --check`
```

## Major blockers

> The following installation or configuration states will **block** the cPanel ELevate script. These blockers appear when the ELevate script **cannot** guarantee a successful upgrade.

Author: Actually changed it to "The ELevate script **cannot** guarantee a successful upgrade if these blockers are present."

* Ubuntu 22: PHP 8.1 and later

If any of your users use a PHP version earlier than these, the ELevate process will be **blocked**.

> If these PHP nversions are only installed but not in use, the system will upgrade as normal, but the PHP versions will **not** be reinstalled.

Reviewer: nversions?

The ELevate process **must** be able to run a custom early boot environment to upgrade the distribution. In order to make sure that we can run this environment, the process verifies that the system's current kernel version is the same as the system-identified default boot option. It also checks that a valid GRUB2 configuration exists.

#### Leapp preupgrade check

This **only** applies to RHEL-based systems.

> If you start the ELevate process with the `--start` option, ELevate will perform an extra check before it starts your upgrade **even if** no issues exist with your GRUB2 configuration. This extra check runs the `leapp preupgrade` commands and is a "dry run" of the distribution upgrade. This check will identify any problems that Leapp might encounter during the actual upgrade but does not make any changes to the system.

Reviewer: This check will identify any problems that Leapp might encounter during the actual upgrade, but does not make any changes to the system.
```suggestion
If you start the ELevate process with the `--start` option, ELevate will perform an extra check before it starts your upgrade **even if** no issues exist with your GRUB2 configuration. This extra check runs the `leapp preupgrade` command and is a "dry run" of the distribution upgrade. This dry run identifies any problems that Leapp might encounter during the actual upgrade, but does not make any changes to the system.
```

If the version of MySQL/MariaDB installed on the system is not supported on the target distribution, you **must** upgrade to a supported version. If cPanel manages your MySQL installation, the process will offer to upgrade MySQL automatically to MariaDB during elevation.

**NOTE:** If an upgrade is necessary **and** the system is set up to use a remote server, a local server will be temporarily configured and enabled for the duration of the ELevate process. The remote instance will be reenabled once the upgrade completes.

### OVH proactive intervention monitoring

> If you use a dedicated server hosted at [OVH](https://www.ovhcloud.com/), you should **disable** the proactive monitoring **before** you start the ELevate process. Create the `/var/cpanel/acknowledge_ovh_monitoring_for_elevate` touch file to indicate that you disabled monitoring. This will prevent the proactive monitoring from incorrectly detecting an issue on your server during the reboots. If you do **not** create this file, your server may boot into rescue mode and interrupt the upgrade.

Reviewer: Can we make the implicit assumption that the audience reading this documentation knows this touch file hsould be empty?

Author: I think we can for this audience, yes.

For more information about OVH monitoring, read their [Overview of OVHCloud Monitoring on Dedicated Servers](https://support.us.ovhcloud.com/hc/en-us/articles/115001821044-Overview-of-OVHcloud-Monitoring-on-Dedicated-Servers) documentation.

### APT lists

This section **only** applies to Ubuntu-based systems.

The following issues with apt lists can cause ELevate to block your upgrade:
 * Apt is in an unstable state and running `apt-get clean` fails.
 * Apt has packages that are held back from upgrades as reported by `apt-mark showhold`. This can prevent `do-release-upgrade` from upgrading your system.

>  * Any unsupported list files are in the`/etc/apt/sources.list.d` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Any unsupported list files are in the `/etc/apt/sources.list.d` directory.
```
